Canonical URLs from blog posts pointing to relevant docs (#14767)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/adopting-existing-cloud-resources-into-pulumi/index.md

meta_image: "meta.png"
authors: ["luke-hoban"]
tags: ["migration"]

> canonical_url: "https://www.pulumi.com/docs/iac/concepts/options/import/"

Reviewer: This one actually touches on multiple topics in multiple pages. The closest is probably this, but it's not the entirety of the content. (The content is outdated, though.):

```suggestion
canonical_url: "https://www.pulumi.com/docs/iac/adopting-pulumi/migrating-to-pulumi/from-terraform/"
```
